## Multiples

If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23.
Find the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1000.



## Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters

Given a string s, find the length of the longest substring without repeating characters.


## Even Fibonacci numbers


Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:
```
1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...
```
By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms.

## Remove Duplicates

Given a sorted array nums, remove the duplicates in-place such that each element appears only once and returns the new length

## Largest prime factor

The prime factors of 13195 are 5, 7, 13 and 29.

What is the largest prime factor of the number 600851475143 ?


## Integer to Roman

Roman numerals are represented by seven different symbols: `I`, `V`, `X`, `L`, `C`, `D` and `M`.

```
Symbol       Value
I             1
V             5
X             10
L             50
C             100
D             500
M             1000
```

For example, `2` is written as `II` in Roman numeral, just two one's added together. `12` is written as `XII`, which is simply `X + II`. The number `27` is written as `XXVII`, which is `XX + V + II`.

Given an integer, convert it to a roman numeral.


## Pow(x, n)

Implement `pow(x, n)`, which calculates x raised to the power *n*(i.e. x^n).

## 3Sum

Given an array **nums** of n integers, are there elements `a`, `b`, `c` in **nums** such that `a + b + c = 0?` Find all unique triplets in the array which gives the sum of `zero`.

Notice that the solution set must not contain duplicate triplets.
